Let's come up with a layout plan for a photo.
We have two different logo variations.
We did a personal branding project.
These are some of the logos that Lillian came up with for the brand project.
So we need to figure out which one will be the most effective.
I like to since her name and her title are already in the logo.
Maybe we can make the logo a little bit bigger and the front center so it's really obvious whose portfolio
this is.
You want your name to be the center object of this piece.
Your name is the most important thing because a lot of recruiters are people who are looking for freelancers
are seeing portfolio after portfolio and names really get mixed up.
They really get lost.
So making sure you have a memorable presentation of your name or make it big enough is incredibly important
to pair it with a really really good photo of your work.
So we're going to go ahead and use that one maybe the full color display maybe could tuck this away
you never know when we might need that Web site is just as important as the name.
Usually the bottom is where people Danielli go to find the Web site.
Now going to have this on its own bar.
So there's no photo to blur it out so I'm going to put a white bar here so when we do start to drag
in photos the name and the Web site is going to be very very clear.
And so this is the only thing we're not quite sure where that needs to be it's very very important that
we tell them exactly what we do we can even have this up here and the top bar as well we can go ahead
and copy and paste this and put that up there so that it's easy easy to read.
So how are we going to pick a photo from everything we've done.
Let's say you've done well lots of personal work you've done lots of student work there's a lot of work
you want to display how do you know which one to pick to feature on the front.
We could always send that send this out to other colleagues and go watch one of these.
Do you like you can have a poll on your Facebook or social media.
Which project do you think deserves the top billing for my portfolio cover.
Or you could do a combination of a couple of great screenshots to kind of make a little bit of a gallery
of course avoid using too many because then people will kind of it'll lose its effectiveness.
So one thing I'm going to do is scroll through my projects I haven't done the third project yet.
We may or may not do that in the class it depends on how much time we have.
But I think a combination of maybe one or two photos might work really well.
We're going to this kind of figured this out.
I'm going to go and drag some photos in and see what I can do for this cover.
So this is what I settled on.
Of course you can go do a lot of different layouts but I wanted to have something that kind of captured
everything that she does.
So instead of just doing one project image I used a mock up from graphic Burger dot.com I'm going to
go ahead and show the screenshot of the one I used and put together lots of different logos and logo
designs to create kind of a little bit of a different image here where you get to see and taste a little
bit of all the different style she has which is kind of nice to be able to not feel like you have to
show just one project on that cover photo.
You can put to use mockups to really kind of present all of your couple of different illustrations or
designs or photos or web designs in your own special way.
So I wanted to tick off a couple boxes to make sure this is going to be an effective cover.
First of all I know the person's name within the first few seconds so check I know what they do or what
they can offer.
So that's their check.
I have a contact way to find you check.
And so next we're going to focus on the bio and we're going to figure out where to place this in the
overall portfolio we have two projects done we still need to do a third one and we have a cover image.
So where does that bio fit in all this.
Do we need to have that in the next page.
Do we need to have it after the first project we're going to go ahead and put that page together.
Right now.